.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2007 Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH babelize 1 2007-05-07 "The Babelize Localization Project"
.SH NAME
babelize-config - script to get information about the installed version of babelize.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B babelize-config
[--version] [--langpack-dir] [--langpack-extract-dir]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIbabelize-config\fP is a tool that is used to determine the language pack specific directories that should be used to install language packs.
.SH OPTIONS
.l
\fIbabelize-config\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B  --version
Print the currently installed version of \fIbabelize\fP on the standard output.
.TP 8
.B  --langpack-dir
Print the directory where the language packs will be installed.
.TP 8
.B  --langpack-extract-dir
Print the directoty where to extract the language packs on installation.
.SH AUTHORS
Check documentation.
.TP
babelize is (c) 2003-2007
.B Maik Broemme
.PP
Please send mails about it to Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
